Add extra error handling + update plugin for initial non VIP use (#50)
Automattic/vip-governance-plugin: README.md

## Usage

Your governance rules are saved in `governance-rules.json` in [your private folder][wpvip-private-dir]. Before diving into how it's used, a quick run down of the schema will shed light on how it works.

> Note: The [private folder][wpvip-private-dir] is only supported on VIP sites, and while using [`vip dev-env`](https://docs.wpvip.com/how-tos/local-development/use-the-vip-local-development-environment/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The [private folder][wpvip-private-dir] is only supported on VIP sites, or while using [`vip dev-env`](https://docs.wpvip.com/how-tos/local-development/use-the-vip-local-development-environment/) locally.
```

Author: Committed it in
